PORT-11786 Add tip on configuring webhooks for real-time updates (#1866)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/templates/_ocean_saas_installation.mdx

Currently, live events are not supported for integrations hosted by Port.  
Resyncs will be performed **periodically** (with a configurable interval), or **manually** triggered by you via Port's UI.

> :::tip Real-time updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Self-hosted installation
```

> You can use the [Real-time (self-hosted)](?installation-methods=real-time-self-hosted#setup) method if you want live events to be ingested into Port immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can install the integration using the [Real-time (self-hosted)](?installation-methods=real-time-self-hosted#setup) method to update Port in real time using webhooks.  
```
